Feature/readme groovy doc (#101)
avioconsulting/mule-linter: README.md

            artifactId = 'mule-amazon-sqs-connector'
            artifactVersion = '5.11.0'
            versionOperator = 'GREATER_THAN'
        }
        POM_EXISTS {}
        POM_PLUGIN_ATTRIBUTE {
            groupId = 'org.mule.tools.maven'
            artifactId = 'mule-maven-plugin'
            attributes = [
                    extensions: true
            ]
        }
        MAVEN_PROPERTY {
            propertyName = 'cloudhubWorkers'
            propertyValue = '2'
        }

        /* PROPERTY */
        ENCRYPTED_VALUE {}
        HOSTNAME_PROPERTY {
            exemptions = []
        }
        PROPERTY_EXISTS {
            environments = ['dev', 'test', 'prod']
            propertyName = 'db.user'
        }
        PROPERTY_FILE_NAMING {
            environments = ['dev', 'test', 'prod']
            pattern = '${appname}-${env}.properties'
        }
        PROPERTY_FILE_COUNT_MISMATCH {
            environments = ['dev', 'test', 'prod']
            pattern = '${appname}-${env}.properties'
        }

        /* README */
        README {}

    }
}
```
For a full breakdown on the available rules, [check here](docs/available_rules.md).

> Mule linter's core library contains the GDSL file to support autocompletion in IntelliJ. 
> To use that feature, com.avioconsulting.mule:mule-linter-core  dependency must be added with provided  scope in the project. 
> That will avoid maven packing core into project jar but still allow intellij to use it as a classpath and detect the GDSL script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using IntelliJ Auto Completion
Mule Linter's core library contains the GDSL file to support autocompletion in IntelliJ. To use that feature, `com.avioconsulting.mule:mule-linter-core`  dependency must be added with `provided`  scope in the project. `provided` scope will avoid maven packaging core into project artifact but still allow IntelliJ to detect the GDSL script from classpath.
```

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/92875127/145876428-be064a73-5709-4f3c-8862-67a3de5bcd63.png)
